TODO.md, before:


## Publication :: Brainstorming
I should probably do a confrence rather than a journal. A journal would be a very long 
and very winded 15-20 pages.

Whereas a conference is a brisker 5 pages.
- Journal of Statistics and Data Science Education (JSDSE)
    https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/ujse21
    REQUIRES empirical testing to be done!
    Fees : ~0$ 
    Acceptance rate : 20%

- Educational Technology Research & Development (ETR&D)
    https://link.springer.com/journal/11423
    Focuses on R&D in equational development
    Fees : ~3,000$ 
    Acceptance rate : 20%

- Journal of Open Source Software (JOSS)
    https://joss.theoj.org/
    Seeing some very similar projects on here
    Fees : 0$
    Acceptance rate : 60%
    Only accepts my engine, probably not the
    whole software. 
    Relevance: Your Python library for Scikit-learn is a perfect fit. The drag-and-drop tool, if framed as a tool for researchers or advanced students to visually prototype models, might also be accepted under the "research software" definition.

- interactive learning environments
    Fees : ~3,000$


# TODO LIST
Below is a burn-down chart, I am going to stop adding things to the todo list, and only focus on these things. 
### 4. Making accuracy plot look nicer.

# 145. Add a basic statistic section to tabs
    - max
    - min
    - bar chart
    - median and avg

### 5. Update pre-processor to have visual space similar to the columns

.... This Packaging should be done thought fbs ... https://www.pythonguis.com/tutorials/packaging-pyqt5-apps-fbs/
### 6. Package for Windows.

### 7. Add documentation for 6 files.

### 8. Package for Linux.

### 9. Package for Max.
    - testing is not required for this, as I don't own a MAC.

### 10. Add documentation for 6 files.

### 11. One hour of writing unit tests.

### 12. Add documentation for 6 files.  

### 13. One hours of writing unit tests.

### 14. Work on making a Web-landing page! (With download links for this.)

### 15. Update splash page to look nicer.

# Poggers! Time to focus on publishing.

Commit message:

feat : relevant accuracy statistics moved to groupbox.

TODO.md, after:


## Publication :: Brainstorming
I should probably do a confrence rather than a journal. A journal would be a very long 
and very winded 15-20 pages.

Whereas a conference is a brisker 5 pages.
- Journal of Statistics and Data Science Education (JSDSE)
    https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/ujse21
    REQUIRES empirical testing to be done!
    Fees : ~0$ 
    Acceptance rate : 20%

- Educational Technology Research & Development (ETR&D)
    https://link.springer.com/journal/11423
    Focuses on R&D in equational development
    Fees : ~3,000$ 
    Acceptance rate : 20%

- Journal of Open Source Software (JOSS)
    https://joss.theoj.org/
    Seeing some very similar projects on here
    Fees : 0$
    Acceptance rate : 60%
    Only accepts my engine, probably not the
    whole software. 
    Relevance: Your Python library for Scikit-learn is a perfect fit. The drag-and-drop tool, if framed as a tool for researchers or advanced students to visually prototype models, might also be accepted under the "research software" definition.

- interactive learning environments
    Fees : ~3,000$

# For Real TODO list
### 147. Consider moving the model training result values to their own section.
    - This could be a groupbox, maybe below the chart? Maybe each model gets it's own groupbox.

### 146. Improove main menu.

### 147. Add basic data cleaning?

## 148. See what encoders do, and make sure they are in right area.


# TODO LIST
Below is a burn-down chart, I am going to stop adding things to the todo list, and only focus on these things. 
### 4. Making accuracy plot look nicer.



### 5. Update pre-processor to have visual space similar to the columns

.... This Packaging should be done thought fbs ... https://www.pythonguis.com/tutorials/packaging-pyqt5-apps-fbs/
### 6. Package for Windows.

### 7. Add documentation for 6 files.

### 8. Package for Linux.

### 9. Package for Max.
    - testing is not required for this, as I don't own a MAC.

### 10. Add documentation for 6 files.

### 11. One hour of writing unit tests.

### 12. Add documentation for 6 files.  

### 13. One hours of writing unit tests.

### 14. Work on making a Web-landing page! (With download links for this.)

### 15. Update splash page to look nicer.

# Poggers! Time to focus on publishing.
